:sparkles: [#170] add unique constraint for filter model (#227)
open-zaak/open-notificaties: CHANGELOG.rst

Changes
=======

1.9.0 (WIP)
-----------

> * [#170] Add uniqu constraint for ``(Filter.filter_group, Filter.key)`` fields.

Reviewer: * [#170] Add unique constraint for ``(Filter.filter_group, Filter.key)`` fields.

Author: fixed

.. warning::

    The unique constraint is added for ``(Filter.filter_group, Filter.key)``.

>     If "datamodel.0017" migration is failing, remove duplicated manually from

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If "datamodel.0017" migration is failing, remove duplicate entries manually from
```
